docs: Add a note about img tag in media-poster-image.mdx (#907)
muxinc/media-chrome: docs/src/pages/docs/en/components/media-poster-image.mdx

You can either use the `<media-poster-image>` component as a static image on its own, or, add the `slot="poster"` attribute to associate it with the underlying video element for click-to-play.

> > This component is reliant on Javascript to load the poster image. If better control or better performance is desired, you can use `<img slot="poster" src="...">` instead. However, it doesn't support a secondary placeholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This component is reliant on Javascript to load the poster image. If better control or better performance is desired, you can use `<img slot="poster" src="...">` instead. Set a placeholder via the `background-image` CSS property in the `style` attribute.
```
